Hello, and welcome.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module Transitioning From
Agile to Kanban in the course, Kanban for Agile/Scrum Practitioners.
This module's outcome is provide you the necessary
knowledge to help you adapt and transition from
Agile/Scrum development methods to kanban.
Let's kick off this module with some interesting
Agile and kanban usage statistics.
From a recent survey,
you can see that kanban as a methodology is using 5%
of all organizations surveyed.
Kanban as an agile methodology is used 5%.
61% said they're using kanban techniques.
75% of organizations surveyed are using kanban as a project
management tool or product management tool.
Though kanban has been around for quite a while,
it continues to grow in the system design and development space.
Now, if you're curious about other statistics around Agile,
and this is a great report,
check out the reference below from the 13th annual State of Agile Report.
Here are the topics we'll cover in this module:
Agile/Scrum & Kanban ‑ Similar Yet Different,
Understanding Kanban as a Scrum Practitioner,
Comparing Agile/Scrum Roles with Kanban,
Rules Comparing Agile/Scrum Events with Kanban. Okay, let's get started.